Rover Technical Test

Description 

This project processes sitter reviews from a CSV file and computes ranking scores for each sitter.

The program:

- Loads reviews from a CSV file

- Groups reviews by sitter

- Computes three scores for each sitter:

   Profile score 
   Ratings score
   Search score

- Sorts sitters based on the computed search score

- Generates a final CSV file containing the ranked sitters

Requirements

Node.js >= 18

npm

Installation:

npm install

Running the project

To run the program:

npm run start

The program will:

Load the reviews from the input CSV file (/files/initial/reviews.csv)

Compute sitter scores

Sort sitters by search score

Generate an output file named:

sitters.csv (/files/result/sitters.csv)

Questions 

1. How would you adjust the calculation and storage of search scores in a production application?

In a production system, search scores would likely not be calculated every time a user performs a search. Instead, scores could be precomputed and stored in a database or cache.

2. Frontend implementation to display sitters and manage state

I would build the frontend using a framework such as React.

The frontend would fetch sitter data from a backend API and display a list of sitters along with their scores.

For data fetching and server state management, I would use TanStack Query. It simplifies API requests, caching, and background updates.

The frontend would manage:

the list of sitters returned by the API
loading and error states
user interactions such as filters, sorting, or pagination

When a user interacts with the page (for example applying filters or navigating through pages), the frontend would trigger a new API request. TanStack Query would handle caching and refetching to keep the UI responsive and efficient.

3. Infrastructure choices to run this application at scale

To support a peak of around 10 searches per second, the application could be deployed on a cloud platform such as Amazon Web Services.

For example, the infrastructure could include:

A relational database such as PostgreSQL to store sitter data and reviews.

A caching layer to store frequently accessed search results and improve response times.

4. API design for a backend service

The backend would expose REST API endpoints that allow the frontend to retrieve sitter data and search results.

For example:

GET /api/sitters
Returns a list of sitters and their computed scores.

GET /api/sitters?search=searchString&page=3 (exemple)
Returns paginated and filtered sitter search results.

The API response would include relevant information such as:

sitter name
sitter email
profile score
rating score
search score

The backend would handle the ranking logic, while the frontend would focus on displaying the data and managing user interactions.